the trick that I tend to use a lot, especially when I'm dealing with other
people. And, uh, one person isn't satisfied with the other, whether
it's my leadership or whether it's someone subordinate to me. Um,
yeah, after chatting with them and trying to talk things out, especially
if that doesn't work. Even if it does, you should just go up
to the top. Um, look at the stars, Look at the sky, look at the sun
and, you know, breathe. Think about other things in your life. Think
about you know what this is. Ah, job. And it's a stressful one. And
it's the one that you signed up for, and it's actually exciting in
a lot of cases. Um, once you understand your you know, you just one
little cog in the Navy and that you know you'll get past whatever it
is that you're facing, it's easy to go back down and say, All right,
well, let's go ahead and do this whether you're frustrate or not
or not. You just breathing its's gone